FilesOs API proposal to implement `Files` operations (#70)
davenverse/shellfish: docs/examples/index.md

# Examples

> We understand that learning a new library is easiest through hands-on experience. That's why we've created the "Examples" section. Here you'll find a curated collection of code examples that show the library in action. These are some code snippets that show how to use many of the methods. You can also find these examples in the module `examples` on the project on our GitHub!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you'll find a curated collection of code examples that show the library in action. 
```

Docs in general should be to the point, try to avoid sentences that say the same thing but slightly different. People tend to read past them :P.

import fs2.io.file.Path

import shellfish.os.syntax.path.*

object Scores extends IOApp.Simple:

  case class Score(name: String, score: Int):
    def show: String = s"$name:$score"

  def parseScore(strScore: String): Either[Throwable, Score] =
    Either.catchNonFatal(
      strScore.split(':') match 
        case Array(name, score) => Score(name, score.toInt)
        case _                  => Score("Cant parse this score", -1)
    )

  val path = Path("src/main/resources/scores.txt")

  def run: IO[Unit] =
    for
      lines  <- path.readLines
      scores <- lines.traverse(parseScore(_).liftTo[IO])
      _      <- IO(scores.foreach(score => println(score.show)))
      _      <- path.appendLine(Score("daniela", 100).show)
    yield ()

end Scores
```

## Uppercase
``` scala 3 mdoc
import cats.effect.{IO, IOApp}
import fs2.io.file.Path

import shellfish.os.syntax.path.*

object Uppercase extends IOApp.Simple:

  val path      = Path("src/main/resources/quijote.txt")
  val upperPath = Path("src/main/resources/quijote_screaming.txt")

  def run: IO[Unit] =
    for
      file <- path.read
      _    <- upperPath.write(file.toUpperCase)
    yield ()

end Uppercase

```

## Places

> Shellfish OS has compatibility for working with scodecs!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shellfish OS has compatibility for working with [scodec](https://scodec.org/)!
```

``` scala 3 mdoc
import cats.syntax.applicative.*
import cats.effect.{IO, IOApp}

import fs2.io.file.Path

import scodec.codecs.*
import scodec.Codec

import shellfish.os.syntax.path.*

object Place extends IOApp.Simple:

  case class Place(number: Int, name: String) derives Codec

  // Only in Scala 2:

>   // implicit val placeCodec: Codec[Place] = (int32 :: utf8).as[Place]

Reviewer: can be removed imo, or needs a separate example fully in Scala 2 like: https://github.com/typelevel/toolkit/blob/main/docs/examples.md?plain=1#L136  (can be done in another PR!)

Author: Nice, didn't know you can do that! I'll leave it to another PR tho, this already has 2.2k lines 😂
